Summers here. Summers hot. Summers long. But Summertime Snick is ready for you!
And this summer, Saturday Night Nickelodeon's giving you more. Later, cooler.
Because Pete and Pete is moving in right next toward a Ren and Stimpy.
From Clarissa to Pete, Ren and Stimpy, too, are you afraid of the dark?
With Roundhouse Late, now at 10-9 Central, this summer you'll snick more.
You'll snick later and you'll snick cooler.
All summer long, it's Summertime Snick.
Every Saturday night, starting at 8-7 Central, only on Nickelodeon.
In most sports, being bigger or stronger or faster is all it takes to win.
Well, Nickelodeon Guts is not most sports.
It goes beyond conventional measures to pit kids against the elements,
against gravity, against a grueling mountainside.
And in the end, it doesn't matter if you're big or small.
Or if you're a boy or a girl, it all comes down to one thing.
Do you have it? Watch Nickelodeon Guts, The Great Equalizer.
Every weekend at 6-35-30 Central, only on Nickelodeon.
Everyone knows, in this world, it's us versus them.
So let's see which side's ahead.
Alright, they've got this, this, yep, uh-oh.
These guys, this thing, that.
And we've got purple tape.
They got this, whatever, this, uh-huh, that stuff.
Okay, this and ouch.
And we've got more purple tape.
They got this, this, hooked out, that.
One of those, hello, yeah, and that.
And we've got lots and lots of purple tape.
It's the way I see it.
That puts us six chocolate feet ahead.
When you think.
Purple tape, it's six feet of gum for you, not them.
Barbie.
Picture Barbie.
Dolls by July 4th.
You can send away for a cool Barbie camera.
Free.
Save Barbie.
Barbie.
See details at participating stores.
Dolls and films sold separately.
One more drop.
Yes, this is it.
Whoa!
What's up, Uncle True Camp?
Eureka boys, I've just made berry purple fruit loops.
Whoa!
How magical.
Yes, let's see how berry goes with orange, lemon, lime, and cherry.
Cool, Uncle.
Let's try them.
All right.
Then they taste delicious.
And they do.
Hello, Augs Fruit Loops.
Now available with new berry purple.
Part of this complete breakfast.
Yeah, they're berry good.
And they're going to be berry big news.
Hi, I'm Mark Weiner here at Nickelodeon,
inviting you to join me and the rest of the gang here
in Weinerville every weekday afternoon.
Hey, what's this rest of the gang stuff?
Tell them my name.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's Pops and Louie.
Tell them about the new puppets.
Oh, we have lots of new puppets this year.
We're going to have new puppets.
And the new cartoon.
Oh, Alvin and the chipmunks are going to be here.
Come on, Weiner, you're messing up.
But don't hope Daddy doesn't find out.
Mark!
Come in, Daddy.
Watch Weinerville every weekday at 3.30, 2.30, Central on Nick.
It's Snick.
That's Snick.
That's Snicket.
Snick's there.
Snick's here.
It's Snicking Hour.
Saturday Night.
Nickelodeon.
It's Snick.
Snick.
We're going to Snick.
And you can Snick.
It's Time.
Snick.
Now.
Certain days mean certain things.
Like birthdays mean presents.
Mondays mean school.
And today means run for the hills.
That's because today marks the 15th wedding anniversary
of our neighbors, the Supersteens.
That means for the fourth year in a row,
Mr. and Mrs. O'Pristine will ask me to babysit for them.
Any other time of the year, I can find a way to get out of it.
But somehow, on their anniversary, no matter what I do,
I get guilt-tripped into the job.
So what's so bad about that?
Historically, babysitting has always been one tough business.
Even in prehistoric times, the little Neanderthals
couldn't be trusted.
But with the grown-ups gone, it
didn't take them two minutes to start wrecking the place.
Talk about primitive.
As time passed, things went from bad to worse.
Medieval parents were just as clueless.
And for the babysitter, the castle
became a chamber of horrors.
Being locked in the dungeon would have been a relief.
Today, babysitters are paid in cold hard cash,
watch tons of TV, and talk on the phone all night long.
But no perks are worth babysitting little Elsie
Soapristine for the fourth year in a row.
If I wind up minding that brat again,
it's going to be different.
It's going to get ugly.
This year, it's going to be war.
OK, ready for a true life war story?
Every year, right here on Shadow Lane,
little Elsie Soapristine launches a full-scale attack
on yours truly.
Here's a brief look at my personal combat
record with little Elsie.
But be warned, it's not for the faint of heart.
Three years ago, little Elsie
was in her arts and crafts stage,
which normally would be normal.
Except Elsie decided to give my favorite new blouse
the Jackson Pollock treatment.
I don't know if it's art, but I hate it.
Two years ago, little Elsie decided
it would be fun to play hide and seek.
Figured out where she hid, I was too busy seeking shelter.
Here was the last straw.
I thought I could tame Elsie with my old Susie Baker
bake kit.
Seemed pretty harmless at the time.
But little Elsie gave a whole new meaning
to the phrase, hell's a poppin'.
So what's Elsie got in store for me this year?
I'm not sticking around to find out.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
What are you doing here?
I thought you'd be halfway to Albania by now
with little Elsie on the loose.
She's not out yet, Sam.
By my yearly calculations, I still
have three minutes and 59 seconds before Mrs. Soapristine
calls.
And tonight, by the time she does, I'll be going, going.
Gone.
We can't be Mrs. Soapristine.
Early, that's cheating.
Hey, I'll spare in loving babysitting.
I'm not going to answer it.
There, see, that wasn't so bad.
Hey, I guess avoidance has its place.
Now let's get out of here before.
Carissa, telephone!
Oh, hi, Mrs. Soapristine.
Listen, this year about babysitting little Elsie,
I, uh, uh, uh, uh, well, you know,
normally I would it, just that could you hold on a second?
Why is it so hard to tell someone I don't like your kid?
Tell it's nothing personal.
How much more personal could it get?
Listen, Mrs. Soapristine, about tonight, I, um, going out.
Where?
Boxing.
No, the movies.
Well, yeah, it's a boxing movie.
Yeah, it's my favorite genre.
And ooh, I better run if I want to make coming attractions.
Sorry, I can't babysit little Elsie.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Yeah, I, uh, maybe next time.
OK, OK, OK, bye.
That was close, thanks, Sam.
No problemo.
I can't believe it, I'm off the hook.
That was easy.
You're right, Sam.
Maybe too easy.
Hiya, sis.
Nice night for babysitting, don't you think?
The air is crisp, the leaves are turning,
the threat of random violence is in the air.
Say cheese.
Oh, great.
I love seeing blue dots everywhere I look.
Thanks, I needed a before picture.
What, before you learn how to use a camera?
Note, subjects still exhibit lame-o-sensitive humor
as defense mechanism.
I've decided that your yearly battle with Elsie Silverstein
demands documentation of full audio and visual record.
Might make a nice photo spread in Life Magazine.
I'm sure.
Happy to disappoint you, Ferg Nerd,
but this year I'm free and clear.
Of course you are.
I don't know, Janet, do we really have to go?
Marshall, it's the neighborhood block party.
If we skip it, what will the neighbors think?
That we have a life?
Funny.
Now, your father and I will be back later tonight.
Ferguson, try not to overdo it watching television.
Oh, sure, Mom, but there is that documentary
on the Saltmarsh Amoeba I've been looking forward to.
Uh-huh.
Larissa, what are you doing tonight?
Tell you what I'm not doing.
Baby's sitting for a little Elsie Silverstein.
Oh, what a shame, honey.
She's such a cute kid.
Yeah, she's got such adorable little giggle.
And when she looks at you, it's hard not to mouth.
Are you sure we're talking about the same little Elsie?
Maybe they met the one from a parallel universe.
That would explain it.
What, you don't want a babysit for her, Clarissa?
Mom, babysitting for little Elsie is like
surviving a shark attack.
Only her victims can truly understand the horror.
Yeah, well, you got yourself out of it this year.
Looks like there's nothing to worry about.
I guess.
Still, I have this cold sense of dread
that my worrying has just begun.
What do you mean, Clarissa?
Well, you remember last year the Plunkett twins
were supposed to babysit for them?
I mean, there are two of them.
How did two people suddenly sprain their left ankle?
Well, there is one way to ensure you don't have to babysit for her.
How?
Get someone else to do it.
Can't you recommend someone who would like the job?
Like it?
Well, I guess I know a few hardcore masochists.
Clarissa, were you able to find a substitute babysitter?
I gave Mrs. Silverstein a bunch of names,
but I don't know if anyone's going to come through.
Come on, Janet, let's get this thing over with.
Oh, Marshal, honestly, sometimes I
get the feeling you don't want to know our neighbors at all.
That's the problem.
I've met them, I know them,
and I have no desire to mingle with them.
Party pooper.
Just thought I'd drop by and say hello.
It's not a bad time, is it?
Quick, Sam, set something on fire.
In the confusion, I'll make my escape.
Gotcha.
Hello, Clarissa.
So, Edna, what brings you by?
Well, as you may know, it's Ned and my 15th wedding
anniversary.
Oh, congratulations.
I just thought I'd drop by and invite you to join us.
Oh, well, that's very sweet,
but wouldn't you two rather be alone?
Well, it's out of our hands.
We're stuck at home with no one to look after little Elsie.
So you couldn't find a babysitter, huh?
We called and called and called.
Well, where's little Elsie now?
Oh, she's right.
Little Elsie, what are you doing out there on the sidewalk?
Don't you want to say hello to the darlings?
She is so shy.
That's what Genghis Khan's mother said.
She knew the block party was tonight,
and well, since she couldn't go,
she just had to say hello to her favorite neighbors.
Oh, that's so sweet.
Come on in here, Putin.
Hi.
Come on.
That's it.
Aw, here she is.
Say hello to the darlings, Elsie.
Hello, Mrs. Darling.
Hello, Mr. Darling.
It's so very nice to see you here.
I think I might wall up.
Well, that's it.
She just wanted to come by to say hello.
We better be going home now.
Ned and I are planning on celebrating
our anniversary by renting some old video tapes.
I'll look out and coming guilt trip.
I'm sorry, Mr. Superstine.
I really would do it if I wasn't going to the movies.
Going to the movies?
Where?
The Octoplex Theater?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, good news.
They're closing the Octoplex Theater for the weekend.
They're bombing it for roaches.
Looks like you'll be able to babysit Little Elsie
after all.
Glad I could help.
Let me know if you need anything you know I'll be
around.
Theresa?
What can I say?
Are you sure it's all right with you, dear?
Hey, babysitting Little Elsie
is my inescapable destiny.
Oh, then it's settled.
Little Elsie, you're going to stay here with your favorite
babysitter, Clarissa.
Goodie!
All right, come on honey, we've got to get going.
Right, where do we want to be late?
Oh, me neither.
Got to pick up Elsie.
Thanks again.
Bye, sweetie.
Farewell, good bye, so long.
Do me a favor, Sam.
Don't go anywhere.
Two on one.
Maybe those are the odds you need to survive.
Thanks, I owe you.
Before things get ugly, they're
the strongest thing I want to say.
Say it, Squirt.
OK, catch me if you can.
Looks like we're stuck here with Little Elsie.
It's just a few hours.
So is the battle of midway, Sam.
Nickelodeon Slime Time Live is back.
And when you match, you win.
Make this Slime Time your Slime Time
and team up with Nick Stars to play the ultimate
interactive video game, Live on Nick.
For your chance to play, visit a participating McDonald's
and pick up an entry format for the McWorld display.
500 lucky kids will win a Sega Remote Arcade System
just for entering.
15 really lucky kids will win a Sega Genesis Video Game
System, a Sega Activator Full Body Controller,
and the Sega Eternal Champions Video Game Cartridge,
plus a SNCC Party at your local McDonald's,
where they'll get to play Slime Time Live over an AT&T
video phone.
And if you're one of the really, really lucky kids
who make a match on Slime Time,
you'll also win a 4-day trip to Orlando, Florida,
a special VIP tour of Nickelodeon Studios
and $500 in cash.
So make this Slime Time your Slime Time.
Slime Time Live, you match, you win,
is brought to you by McDonald's, McWorld, Sega,
and the place where only kids win, Nickelodeon.
All of it says something new.
2-in-1 Marshmallows.
Let's check it out at All of the Swings.
Place the fun of YouTube and on the swing.
Awesome.
How do you make them?
Eat the word swing and you'll see.
Place the fun of YouTube and 1-A-E.
Doubly delicious, the rest is try.
Marshmallow alphabets and alphabets cereals
are part of this complete breakfast.
They're ABC's.
Doubly delicious.
They're not for witches or guys in stitches.
When these kids' meals are?
Just for kids.
Not for dogs or such as eye clocks.
When these kids' meals are?
Just for kids.
Not a fish named Mary or the big and hairy.
When these kids' meals are?
Just for kids.
And so what's inside?
It's sun stuff.
It's fun stuff.
It's Wendy's sun patrol.
Whether you want to look hot or stay cool,
now one in every Wendy's kids' meal you can collect all five.
You're watching Nickelodeon.
And now back to Gumby.
Clarissa's back and ready to snick.
Now on Nick.
OK.
Right now, Sam's in the living room
trying to corral a little Elsie.
Hey, put that down.
Sounds like he's holding his own.
I feel guilty tag-teaming an eight-year-old.
But hey, when you're taming a force of nature,
you want to go in there with heavy numbers.
Oh, I'll let go.
I better make this fast.
Having spent the last three years in the field doing
research, I now have a pretty good idea
of what will tame little Elsie.
First, there's chocolate pudding.
Last year, it was the only thing she would eat.
She can have all she wants.
There's my full-scale video library.
I've got everything from my little unicorn to slash Gordon.
Something for every taste.
Hey, come on now.
I think that's flammable.
Rope.
Good solid rope.
No explanation necessary.
Now I better go help Sam.
Clarissa, you told me she was bad.
You never said she was evil incarnate.
Don't worry, Sam.
This year, I've got the tools that can control little Elsie.
OK, but if you're not packing
thermonuclear warheads, I think you're traveling light.
Where is she anyway?
I think I lost her somewhere between the basement
and the attic.
Rest up, Sam.
You're a good man.
I'll handle it from here.
Good luck.
These big guys time easy.
What's the matter?
Lightweight can't easy.
Elsie, listen.
Can't we call a truce?
I just want to get this over with as smoothly as possible,
collect my money, and take the next 364 days off.
Deal?
I'm not signing anything without having my lawyer present.
Oh, come on.
Got lots of fun stuff for you to play with.
Power tool?
No.
Have you machinery?
Not exactly.
Well, what then?
Well, you'll never know if you don't come with me.
Oh, I get it.
Little psychology bit.
Love.
I wonder if I can charge the Supersteins
extra for combat pay.
And she'll do what you say.
Well, let's see.
Because respecting elders is a time-honored tradition.
Because your parents paid good money for a valuable service.
And because if you don't, I'll just have to.
I can't, you'll upset me.
I brought video tapes.
Let me see.
Unlimited TV, just for you.
Saw it.
I want to see it.
She called this a collection?
You mean you don't see anything you like?
No, besides, TV's bad for my eyes.
You're not trying to ruin a little kid's eyes, are you?
Of course not.
What else have you got?
I know.
Guess what's in the refrigerator just for you?
Don't tell me you're going to make
me that all natural garb of your mom's life together.
Hey, leave my mom's cooking alone.
Can't believe I just said that.
Well, what's that?
Chocolate pudding, your favorite.
Was my favorite?
Now that stuff makes me bark.
You're not trying to make a little kid bark, are you?
Terrace the thought.
What else have you got?
And snap it.
It's almost bedtime.
That doesn't go to the room.
Ah, action photo.
Poets or material?
Who's to say?
I did just get some great shots of Sam, however.
A photo essay.
I'll call it passed out, very candid.
Ferguson, why don't you take a hike?
Oh, no can do, Sish.
When I finish covering tonight's little adventure,
I'll be known as Mr. Capture the Action.
Say cheese.
Any special kind of cheese for Ringy?
I don't know any kind.
Be spontaneous.
OK, cheese.
Now you, sis, I'll call this one Predator and the Prey.
Elsie, what chicken butt?
Let's talk girl to girl.
No.
You like Fergie?
He's my boyfriend.
Uh-huh.
Congratulations.
You know what?
If you just sat there and watched a videotape,
it would make Fergie really happy, OK?
I'll be right back.
Talk about a warped love connection.
Still, it is kind of obvious when you think about it.
Oh, Fergie!
Ladies and gentlemen of the Pulitzer Committee,
I really don't deserve this award.
Oh, OK, I do.
Still, I'd like to say that Ferguson, we have to talk.
Sure, sis.
It's just that.
Do you smell that?
Smell what?
It's a very distinctive aroma.
Yes, it's the smell of fear.
Yes, fear and desperation, definitely.
And it's coming from your general direction.
Ferguson, I need your help.
It'll cost you.
How much?
How much you got?
I'm broke.
OK, then.
I also believe in credit.
Let's say 75% of your babysitting
take from the so-persteins.
75%?
That's robbery.
Well then, what can I say?
Stick them up.
Thanks for nothing, Fergbreath, you spineless little.
I got scored, so I wanted to see how the video tape works.
Uh, hi, Fergie.
65% not a penny more.
Done.
No thanks.
No thanks, Fergie.
Yeah?
She never?
Yeah, I remember.
You sure you don't want any popcorn?
No, thanks.
Fergie?
Yeah?
Fergie!
OK, I'll see ya.
Yeah, that's great.
I'm watching the TV.
Maybe you'll see some cheese.
Fergie?
OK, I'll see.
Please, enough with the cheese already.
You know, I can't tell you enough about this popcorn.
Hot, not too much salt.
Really perfect.
You love?
No, that's OK, really.
I'm fine right here, believe me.
Fergie?
I'll give you $5 not to say cheese.
When I'm 24, you'll be there you want.
That's true.
You'll have to marry me.
That's false.
What?
TV's OK, but nothing beats live theater.
You're not going to make me cry, are you?
The furthest thing for my mind.
The fact is, Elsie, I've got a girlfriend.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I've got a lot of girlfriends.
I'm bad news and I admit it.
You want to find somebody who can make you happy.
Maybe a third grader.
I quit.
I get the picture.
If you want to love me, you'll fear me, Fergie and Darling.
I'll make your life a living nightmare.
Oh, please.
Deal's off.
Keep your dough.
Say, shouldn't you be out learning to spell or something?
Oh, the furniture for change.
What?
Go make me peanut butter sandwich or break something expensive
and play with it on you.
OK?
This is an outrage.
Welcome to the world.
At no price.
Hey, Ferguson, why don't you make her the sandwich?
In fact, why don't I help show you where the bread is?
It's in the bread drawer.
Oh, I think I will need your help showing me where the special bread is.
Talk about means that's OK.
Go ahead.
Take your time.
That's so sneaky.
You can't be serious.
You think it's fair to do that to a little kid?
Well, OK.
Oh, Elsie.
We'd like to talk to you.
What's that behind your back?
Nothing.
Trick.
I told you it would never work.
They're going to take pictures of me when I'm bad.
And children until my parents dance.
Ooh, why be in trouble?
Then you lose.
I guess she's just too smart for us.
You can't stop me.
You can never stop me.
I've gotten away with murder every year.
And I'll keep getting away with it every year.
Well, you can't blame a girl for trying.
Try it all you want.
I've done more property damage
than what the movies combined.
Parents will never catch me.
They're too stupid.
I've gotten away with murder every year.
I'm prepared to make you a very attractive offer for that take.
Sorry.
We'll take it out in trade.
Not much.
Just sit back, relax, and enjoy my littlest unicorn.
No way.
That stuff makes me puke.
Hey, bonus.
OK.
Do you want me to behave?
Uh, you give me the tape when my parents come back.
Yeah?
Maybe.
Wow.
What did you do to calm her down?
Oh, nothing I shouldn't have thought of years ago.
Cool.
Yeah.
Kids.
You know, I love them.
I gotta hand it to you, Janet.
That block party last night was a great idea.
Huh?
Lots of great food.
I met some neighbors I never met before.
And I won the 35 and over limbo contest.
I forgot to ask.
Where did you end up disappearing to?
Oh, well.
Old Pop's down in a corner of me by the punch bowl
went over the finer points of restarting the lawn.
Morning.
Well, sis, I've got to hand it to you.
It was a pleasure doing business with you.
Thanks.
Well, you two sound happy.
Yeah.
You see?
Baby sitting doesn't have to be so bad after all.
It was a complete crash course in child psychology.
And we passed with flying colors.
Oh, I'll get it.
Hello?
Oh, hi, Edna.
She was?
Oh, that's nice.
What's that?
You and I are going away next weekend.
Well, I don't know.
I'll ask.
Clarissa?
There you go.
I don't mean to blow off the super scenes,
but when it comes to babysitting little Elsie,
once a year is once a year too much.
Now you're tuned to the channel for animals.
The network for wet noses.
The place more pets picked than any other.
The call can be heard from near and far,
and kids are answering it.
It's Nickelodeon's Legends of the Hidden Temple,
where kids conquer mysterious challenges of mind and body,
scale great heights, and battle mighty foes.
And it's the only show where kids can talk to a rock.
Don't take me for granted.
Heed the call.
And watch every weekday at 534-30 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
Baseball.
The greatest game on earth.
Will never be the same.
I'd like to announce that I've named myself
the new manager of the Minnesota Twins.
Go away.
Any questions?
Castle Rock Entertainment
is proud to present Little Big League.
You mean you own the team and the stadium?
When my grandpa died, all I got was a swirl.
Little Big League.
Graded PG.
If kids like me were running the world,
math class would be a lot different.
Who knows the answer to this one?
Sonya.
That answer is...
Now, who knows the answer to this one?
Mr. Franklin, I'm surprised.
I finished my report, sir.
No, I'm referring to your Apple Jacks.
Love them.
Yes, Mr. Williams.
It seems to me something called Apple Jacks should...
Tastes like apple.
Precisely.
Are you supposed to taste like apple?
Keep eating.
That isn't why we like them.
Enlighten me.
Uh...
We just do.
Kellogg's Apple Jack cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
Splish splash.
Get your feet off the ground.
Don't stop the bar, you'll get a blast.
Splish splash.
Jump it off, get down.
Hey, now kids, come get around.
See what's just skipped in the town.
But the very best thing of all,
there's a counter on this ball.
So skip it, skip it.
Knew and improved. Skip it from Tiger Toys.
In case you were wondering,
from your 14 years old,
you'll have eaten over 15,000 meals.
And when you look back
at all the best meals you've ever eaten,
I'll bet my big toe
not one of them started with a tray.
All right, it's meatloaf for fish sticks.
Teddy, it's been meatloaf for fish sticks
every Friday
since school was invented.
Just for the record,
you should know that meatloaf
also goes by several other names.
Pepper steak.
Steak.
Swiss steak.
Cube steak.
And Salisbury steak.
That's what the cafeteria ladies call variety.
And just like the food,
the cafeteria ladies even look the same.
Except for Emma.
She was different from the others.
You could see it in her eyes.
Meatloaf.
Happy.
I'll have the fish sticks.
I had no idea what that was all about.
Meatloaf, please.
But I sure knew one thing.
Gelatin was for dessert.
Whenever they serve gelatin,
I get so disappointed.
It's like they're saying,
we just didn't want to make the effort.
All right, my favorite flavors.
Green and red.
Once Teddy and I had our trays loaded up
with tray load,
we headed for our usual table
with our usual friends.
But as I would soon learn,
there would be nothing usual about this lunch.
Because what began with Emma
and the meatloaf would soon escalate
into a war that threatened
the life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness
of yours truly.
I once heard that when one identical twin
knows that something bad is about to happen,
the other twin knows it too.
Somehow, they just sense it.
Well, I think that also
goes for best friends.
Pete, don't you usually have
meatloaf on Friday?
Oh, well today my head said
meatloaf, but my heart said
fish sticks.
Magda, why is the crust always caught up
through sandwiches?
That's the way I like them.
I don't like them that way, too.
Hey, Magda, does your mom
save the crust?
I don't know. Why?
I'm carving up for wrestling tryouts.
If you find a big box of crust
at home, bring it in.
What way are you going to wrestle at, Dan?
I might go from 1.18,
but there's less competition at 2.10.
Well, when's tryouts?
Today. Hey,
are you going to finish both of those?
Maybe you should either try.
Bill's the master
of getting milk to shoot out of Teddy's nose.
So every lunch,
Teddy wears a nose clip.
That is, every lunch
since the bath.
And the guy says
it's just a small load,
so I'll drop it here.
Bill says his new goal
is to make milk come out of Teddy's
ears.
I wouldn't be surprised if he does it.
I don't think that's funny.
Thousands of people
lose an eye like that every year.
Swap time means
swap time!
Every lunch
without fail,
Trader Tim pays a visit.
And every lunch without fail,
Tim makes more deals than the stock market.
One day,
Tim started with a fluffernutter sandwich
and apple and a snickerdoodle.
And he made trade
after trade.
He had a fig bar
and a 1909 Honest Wagner baseball card
worth $67,000.
Hey, forcemen, I'll trade you an apple
scrumpy for your nose clip.
No!
Alright, two scrumpies.
Fine, turn me down, I'm out of town.
So do you guys want to go over some stuff for the test?
Yeah, if you don't know it by now,
you're not gonna know it.
The next two words
that came spilling out of my mouth
might be the two scariest
words a kid can ever utter.
What test?
Pete, we have a test in the history next period,
remember?
No.
It's on the Revolutionary War.
The whole thing?
And those words signaled
not only the beginning of my battle,
but also my brother Pete's battle
across town at his school.
Okay, class,
here's to the front.
As you know, my dodgeball team,
the Kings
are vying for the intramural championship
tomorrow, and today
they'll be using your gym class
to practice.
Is this guy picking your scabs?
The way he's picking my scabs.
So, gentlemen,
if you'd all step aside, or better yet,
go sit up in the stands, you may watch
and learn.
No way.
Put those balls down. I told you to
sit up in the stands.
Look at the parquet cornwallis.
This is our gym class.
Now listen, you little upstarts,
do as I say, or they'll be trouble.
Yeah.
Dish in it out.
You and what army?
This army.
This is your last
warning. Now step aside.
Oh, curse.
This is war.
That ain't begin.
Blow hole.
I called you last night.
Ask him how studying was going, Theodore.
Mrs. Beardsley told us about it
at the end of class on Monday.
Didn't you hear her? Monday.
I remember it was almost
the end of class,
and I was bored.
And to kill time,
I was counting the freckles
on Wayne Schlagel's neck.
37.
Then I remember looking
at my history book,
and I saw a flip movie that someone had drawn in it.
I couldn't take my eyes off it.
I just kept flipping
and flipping.
Flipping and flipping?
I must have been hypnotized.
Because I didn't hear Beardsley say anything about a test.
Wow.
Good story, Pete.
But Beardsley won't buy it.
It's true.
I never failed a test in my life.
I don't know anything about failing.
Don't worry, Pete. We'll help you out.
I can't believe that somebody drawing a flip
movie in my book in 1967
is messing up my life today.
That's how history works, Pete.
I believe things are today because of everything
that happened in the past.
We're bigger and better and stronger than these
scala-wags. We should be crushing them.
What is the problem?
We're trying, sir, but they keep moving.
I've done this strategy before.
Well, try harder.
Maybe if you tell Mrs. Beardsley what happened,
she'll let you take a makeup test.
Don't count on it, Pete.
Mrs. Beardsley never lets people out of tests.
Never.
Not once in her whole career.
And she's been at this school
longer than any other teacher.
Don't worry, Pete.
What's the worst that could happen?
Even if you fail the test, you can still get a C average.
That's not the worst that can happen, Pete.
It's not?
I heard that Margaret Clumper's brother
failed one in Beardsley's sess.
She made him touch her legs.
Oh, jeez, damn.
People are eating.
Just the thought of looking at Beardsley's legs
was enough to make anyone's gut juice curdle.
That's because they're covered with
big varicose veins.
And if you look at them up close,
you'll see that the veins on her legs
look just like a roadmap of Central Iowa.
On the news one day,
I heard about a new highway they just built through Iowa.
The next day,
Beardsley had a new vein
in just the right place.
I'm not hungry anymore.
You're not gonna finish that?
There was somebody right in this room
who failed one of Mrs. Beardsley's tests.
Who?
Cecil Tucker.
The janitor?
Yup.
When he was 14,
he was not her student.
He was on the school paper
and he lost the election for class person
just because it was a popularity contest.
Just like you, Pete.
But he never was quite the same after that test.
They say the fire in his belly just went out.
I can't fail this test.
I gotta study. There's only
18 minutes to go.
And with that,
what became known as the lunch heard
around the world
officially began.
You want it every week, every day,
every hour, every minute,
every second, every every.
All summer long on Nickelodeon.
It's so hot!
They're cool!
I mean, you look around this
and, you know, you're in another world.
It's gotta be cleaner than reality,
friendlier than reality.
There should be something for everybody.
You know, when you're number two,
you have to have a few things
number one doesn't have.
What we've got is a very exciting ride.
If you're not a chicken.
No matter where you live,
there's six flags near you.
Get your tickets at the gate
or in advance by calling
all the numbers lived in houses.
Stone age kids
at a ball.
And bedrock.
What's the place to be?
This summer,
this job stinks.
Yabba-dabba do it with
the Flintstones.
Rated PG.
Yabba-dabba do it at theaters everywhere.
Creepy crawlers!
They're squirmy and wormy and purple and green.
The grossest little creatures that you've ever seen.
Creepy crawlers!
Build a monster mold with the colored plastic goop
and make a creepy crawler from a yucky monster soup.
The rucky yucky squirmy wormy very scary,
sometimes very squiggly, wiggly creepy crawling.
Creepy crawlers!
Gross on your sister and bearish your dad.
You can be a little creep without being bad.
Creepy crawlers workshop with plastic goop.
In the shape, part of this complete breakfast.
Ice cold neon.
Light no cold.
Cool him dip.
Nickelodeon!
Big pieces, little pieces,
masterpieces,
Reese's pieces,
head pieces,
neck pieces,
hair pieces,
Reese's pieces,
eye pieces,
nose pieces,
mouth pieces,
Reese's pieces.
Reese's pieces want you to have this
Nickelodeon wild and crazy kids t-shirt
with proof of purchase.
Look in the June 18th issue of TV Guide
for this special insert with details
on how to get yours while supplies last.
Bunker Hill,
Valley Forge,
Fort Ticonderoga.
Our forefathers fought these battles
to free us from the rule of tyrants.
But I guess that didn't include teachers.
Because in my own battle of Wellsville High,
my whole life was riding
on Mrs. Beardsley's test.
The Revenue Act of 1767 was imposed
to replace the Stamp Act.
Here, Pete, use my book.
I've used a highlighter on all the important facts.
Thanks, Magda.
What's a highlighter?
I'll use my own book.
Pete, sometimes it helps to remember things
if you make up a little rhyme, like
John Paul Jones, he laughed at Danger,
the first of you commanded was called the Ranger.
Here's one.
Dumping tea in Boston Harbor caused quite a sensation.
It was because of taxation without representation.
Yeah, that might work.
Does anyone else have one?
Yeah, I got one.
If Pete fails the test,
they'll look like a sucker
and end up waxing floors like Cecil Tucker.
Yes! Yes!
Oh.
I'm gonna try studying by myself.
If I was gonna get through this mess,
I was gonna have to do it alone.
Time was against me,
and it was against Pete, too.
His rebel army was fighting insurmountable odds.
Common sense.
Use your common sense and give up.
No chance!
All right, everybody, answer if you dare.
What if...
What if you could have a million dollars a year
for the rest of your life?
But from now on,
your eyes had to be on your butt.
Would you do it?
Ooh, good one.
Do you guys have to play this stupid game every day?
How would I put my contacts in?
Teddy, what do you care?
You could pay someone, too.
What am I doing?
I can't concentrate.
Pete, on a dare,
I want to eat 17 ice cream bars
and all that sugar through my brain into hyper overdrive.
If you did that,
you could probably study a whole night's worth
in 15 minutes.
That sounds kind of dangerous, Pete.
Very dangerous.
Glucose poisoning can send you into a sugar shock coma.
It can't be that dangerous.
Okay.
So maybe I was wrong.
Blue.
Blue moon.
Israel Putnam said,
don't fire until you see the
bites on their thighs.
I can't feel this, Tassie.
Well, that's not a very good likeness.
Who are you?
Sergeant William Jasper.
That's me in your book.
Hey, are you going to finish those?
No.
Go right ahead.
Fish and a stick.
Tell me, have been Franklin's ideas?
I don't know.
Is that gelatin?
Yeah.
It's like they're not even trying.
I know.
Listen, can I ask you a question?
I have this test.
Well, let me first ask you a question.
If you could have an ox cart
full of silver and enough silk clothing
and three-quartered hats to last you a lifetime,
but you had to clean the stables
every day with your tongue,
would you do it?
I don't know.
I was hoping you could tell me about the Revolutionary War.
It's my test, isn't it?
Let me ask you this.
If you could free yourself from the forces
that were oppressing you,
but you had to have a rebellious disposition
and fight with unrelenting fury,
would you do it?
Power tool!
That's it!
I'm not your teacher anymore.
Prepare to fight
your belligerent mongrel.
How can I fight?
I have nothing to fight with.
That's when I saw Emma.
She was escaping.
She knew what she would become if she had stayed.
And I knew what I'd become if I stayed.
They'd never find Emma there.
And they'd never find me there.
It was my only hope.
If I took Route 61,
I could pick up MN Dubuque.
Then we'd hit Route 20 all the way to Marshalltown,
and we'd be history.
Forget fighting.
I was fleeing.
It's your way, Mr. Wrigley.
You must be very confident to be cavorting around
when we have a test in...
11 minutes.
Oh.
Well...
I'm sure I'll do all right.
All right.
I expect a student like you to do better than all right.
There's nothing I dislike more
than someone not living up to their potential.
Oh, hello, Mr. Tucker.
I've got work to do.
Then I'll leave you to do it.
Watching you.
Hello, Mr. Tucker.
Hello.
Mr. Tucker, could I ask you a question?
It's for your country.
Did you ever have Mrs. Beardsley as a teacher?
Mrs. Beardsley, she teaches history.
You took history, right?
Well, you don't take history.
It takes you deep into its tangled web.
I should know.
I got trapped.
I couldn't get out.
I just kept looking at the clock on round and round.
Tier leave. Time.
Thanks.
All I got now is the shine.
Shine?
You always see the truth in the shine.
The shine?
What was that all about?
And what was the deal with the clock?
Going round and round.
The clock?
Wait a minute.
It was his book.
I had Cecil Tucker's book.
He was in Mrs. Beardsley's class.
And he must have been hypnotized by the same flip movie.
That's how history works, Pete.
The way things are today,
because of everything that happened in the past.
Magda was right.
And if I didn't get out of this test,
I was doomed to repeat history.
Cecil's history.
The tyranny of time.
Tuck. Tick. Tuck.
Goes the clock.
Time to give up the ship, scoundrel.
The kings had Pete surrounded.
There was no way out.
Don't ask for whom the bell tolls.
It tolls for you, wriggly.
What is your decision?
And what was mine?
Unless I did something drastic,
history was going to repeat itself.
Only this time, I'd be the victim.
Pete, what are you doing?
I can't fail this test, Ellen.
It's like Patrick Henry said,
if this be treason,
make the most of it.
I don't think that's what he had in mind.
Today it's cheating.
Tomorrow it's overdue library books.
What next, Pete?
Robbing mini-marts.
I need a drink.
It's a shine.
Cecil said that I'd find the truth in the shine.
But I didn't see anything.
What was he talking about?
A wet nap.
What's that for?
You tell me when you find the truth.
That's when it all became clear to me.
As I stared into the shine,
the truth stared back.
And the truth was that Pete Wrigley was no quitter.
Your last words, kindrel.
Speak them now.
You must surrender or die.
So, Pete, you're gonna give up the ship?
I have not yet begun to fight.
So that's how I made the Wellsville High School history books,
as the 965th kid to receive a C-plus from Mrs. Beardsley.
And in the end,
maybe I didn't know all of the names, dates,
and milestones of the Revolutionary War,
but like Pete, I knew something just as important.
That whether you're fighting for freedom or just a grade,
you must fight with honor and courage.
Without a stick, a ring of flavor you can lick.
And tart and sour blue raspberry flavors, too.
Ring pop!
Push pop!
Push it up, push it down, keep it hanging around.
You gotta be hip till the pop.
Push pop!
Taste a grape, bring cherry, watermelon, and raspberry
into something else.
Yeah, that's the rap.
Big it now, lick it later, just give us the cap.
You gotta be hip till the pop.
Push pop!
Kids, four cars, it's screen time!
Screen racers!
Rebem, release them, race them, and wreck them.
The harder you rip, the screamin' racers
are more sizzlin' the speed.
Yeah!
Way out wheelies, sensational stunts, super speed.
Screen racers!
Each holds separately.
Attention, Kellogg's Cocoa Krispies
have a new milk chocolatey taste.
That's right, now Cocoa Krispies taste milk chocolatey.
And crispier than ever, it'll drive you milk chocolate lovers
even wilder.
But don't try any monkey business, I fire bodyguards.
They're watching out for my Cocoa Krispies
because with this taste, you can't trust anyone.
I'll find good help these days.
Kellogg's Cocoa Krispies cereal
part of this good breakfast with a new milk chocolatey taste,
everyone wants.
This summer, wherever you find Crush,
you'll find Sylvester and Tweety.
I collect all, pretty good.
Just collect Crush proofs of purchase
from specially marked 12 packs of 2L bottles
and you can get free Sylvester and Tweety merchandise.
Oh, pretty good.
Like tattoos, t-shirts, and watches.
Doesn't feel like a fluff drink.
So load up a irresistible fruit flavored Crush today
and puffer and fuck a hash.
Catch the Crush.
Not the bag.
Play Catch the Crush and you can win a trip to Hollywood
courtesy of Crush Continental Airlines
and guest borders hotels.
Greetings from Camp.
You wouldn't believe what they put us through to earn an M.
They make us rise and shine, it's 6 a.m.
We're getting the shine part down,
I don't know about the rise.
We know it's worth it.
Once we get our M's, we'll be the chocolate,
all other chocolates look up to.
We're already good at lots of things.
Our best is R&R.
Great.
10.
Rock and set, are you little chocolates?
Well, gotta go.
We miss you all, but don't worry.
We're not blue.
Blue?
Imagine if you had one dream week with your dad.
No, you love!
Macaulay Culkin, Ted Danson.
What's been done?
Perfect.
Getting even with dad, ready PG, now playing.
Headpieces.
Neckpieces.
Hairpieces.
Racespieces.
Eyepieces.
Nosepieces.
Racespieces.
Racespieces want you to have this Nickelodeon
wild and crazy kids t-shirt with proof of purchase.
Look in the June 18th issue of TV Guide
for this special insert with details on how to get yours.
While supplies last.
The famous flavor of Racespieces.
Your love of deep pieces.
You're eating habits.
Look, Ren, we can move in.
Now you can play with Ren and Stimpy
when you get the Nickelodeon target toss game.
See specially marked boxes of Kellogg's Frosted Miniweeds.
Back with us now to those bygone days.
When the West was brutal, untamed, and lawless.
It took a special breed of man to tame this country.
Men with eyes like eagles.
Reflexes like a rattler.
And the king, ruthless wits of a panther on the prowl.
We's awful, Eggnert, ain't we, Ewalt?
I'm plum-proud of it, Eggnert.
Ewalt?
Yeah, Eggnert.
What's Eggnert mean?
Hang different, I know.
But we's it.
Ugh!
Hey, I'm bored.
You're smart enough to be bored.
Hey, what's your dirty mouth?
So what are we gonna do today?
Let us hang somebody!
We ain't hang nobody in a long damn time!
Yeahhhhhh!
Hey Walt, who we gonna hang?
It was about...
Old Lady Crenshaw!
Yeah, yeah!
No, we hanged her yesterday.
Well heck, we done just about hanged...
Hmm...
You know, maybe we ought to hang somebody that deserves it.
It's the hang.
Yeah, villains!
What are villains?
I don't know!
From out of the long desert shadows,
ride two dangerous desperadoes,
three-fingered hook,
and his faithful sidekick,
Stupid the Kid.
Hello?
Onward they ride!
Raw!
Tough!
Desperate!
Small!
Hey Stimpy!
Let's go down to that little one-horse town
and see if we can pick up some odd job,
pillaging and looting!
Pillage, pillage, pillage!
Loot, loot, loot!
Wanton!
Excuse us, Mr. Sheriff!
You needn't look any further,
for it is we who are your villains!
Hey, why don't you fellers mosey over to my place
and steal my horse?
Because there's nothing worse than a horse thief!
Here is your horse that we have stolen.
The ugliest horse ever I did see!
Hey, that's no horse.
That's my wife.
Ah, ye boys can keep her.
Just remember, brush her and feed her twice a day.
He reminds me of your uncle Eddie.
And why is that?
Because he's big and stinky!
Couldn't say mean things like that!
Did you ever consider that this horse might have feelings?
Now let's steal that horse!
So, is the old steal the horse bit again, is it?
Alright, let's do it.
We have to.
Hey boss, these guys just stole me and...
Well sir, I don't like it.
They're horse thieves, you morons!
It's like a fashion to make!
And I...
Fire asleep!
I polish my boots with your tongue!
That's okay, Ren.
I wasn't really asleep.
Hey Walt, would you be so kind as to hang these two young fellas?
No, it's guy.
The strong one don't weigh enough
and the fat one ain't got no net!
Who we gonna hang now?
I don't know.
I guess we'll have to hang each other.
There's only one thing that we like more than hanging.
And that's singing and dancing.
Come on everybody, let's have a ho-down!
And that's why he give us necks.
It turns up our vocal cords.
Adam sends up our pecks.
So if you are a horse thief and guilty to the bone
Go ahead and blame a friend and you won't hang alone.
It may be hard to swear,
But you'll be three feet taller
And find a way to entertain your friends.
You say you are a billet, but can't hide by killing.
Go ahead and steal yourself a horse.
Two, three, eleven, or five...
Figures, boys.
I'm a picking.
And I'm a swinging.
I'm ignorant.
And I'm ugly.
That you are, boy.
The hanging and so do we by heck.
So catch yourself a lasso and decorate your neck.
Oh, we is all for ignorant and ugly and sin.
So go ahead and cut us down.
And hang us all again.
Hanging that is...
Soaring a spell.
Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
Greetings.
We're at What Will Is What Of World.
To see what Kellogg's Rice Krispies are saying.
Do you say what? What?
It says in your dreams.
Kellogg's Rice Krispies cereal is a loud part of this complete breakfast.
You want some Rice Krispies?
Hey, what do your Rice Krispies say?
See ya. What do I want to be?
Okay, what do I do next?
I'll tell you if you make me some Kellogg's Rice Krispies treats. Deal?
Deal.
Kellogg's Rice Krispies treats recipe.
King is celebrating Walt Disney's The Lion King.
With Lion King size fun.
You can take home Pumba and Simone.
The lovely Nala.
And add the hyena.
Seven toys in all.
One in every kids meal.
Only a Burger King.
With the Lion King pools.
The Burger King Kids Club.
It's a cool place.
Extra tri-glycerides.
Tired of the same old reading material.
What's so gross about the national product?
Isn't it time for a magazine that speaks your language?
Now from the only network for kids.
Just get a grown-up to call 1-800-832-5100 to order.
And you can get inside a gym teacher's brain.
Learn the most annoying car songs.
Search through the world's messiest bedroom and much more.
Can you really teach a spider to fetch?
That's 1-800-832-5100 for six colorful side-splitting issues
of Nickelodeon Magazine.
Each with a comic book inside.
It's 997 and only grown-up should call, so...
So write it down.
And tell your parents.
Don't delay.
And get the magazine that's just for kids.
Forget it, Dad.
And now, Ren and Stimpy Show.
You know Stimpy?
With your invention and my savvy,
we'll corner the rubber nipple market.
We'll be millionaires.
We'll rule the world.
Just, Ren, I am not in this for financial gain.
I have a dream.
I believe one day that everyone,
everywhere,
will know the wonders of my nipples.
Fine.
You keep your dream and I'll keep the money.
Now shut up and drive.
I'm driving, I'm driving.
I can hardly contain myself.
Just where do you think you're going?
Yeah, I was gonna sell some rubber nipples.
You don't know how to sell anything.
You can't even wheeze by yourself.
Now stand back and watch your real salesman at work.
Okay, Ren.
I've had it up to here with the likes of you people.
Whoops, I'm sorry.
I thought you were a circus midget.
I have a new dream, Ren.
Watch your dream.
That someday,
then I will be as good a salesman
as you, Ren.
Now shut up and let me do the talking.
Do I know you?
I don't think so.
Would you like to take a look at some fine rubber nipples?
Did my wife send you?
No, sir.
But you look like someone who could really use some rubber nipples.
How do I know you're not from the FBI?
Sir, I can assure you we're only salesmen.
Alright, so I made a mistake.
One mistake!
Then a man start over.
Do I have to keep on paying?
Maybe I should make another mistake.
Maybe two more.
Please, sir.
I think one mistake is planning.
Just let me show you what's inside here.
Don't do it, man. I'm not armed.
We really just want to sell you some rubber nipples.
See?
It is a nipple.
Ha ha ha!
Oh, what you must think of me.
Forget everything I said.
So, nipples, huh?
Hmm.
No, sir. I don't think I have any use for rubber nipples.
I'll tell you what, though.
Do you have any rubber walrus protectors?
Ren?
What is it, man?
Oh, please, can I talk in the next house?
Can I, can I, huh?
Oh, please, please, please, can I?
Get the hold of yourself, man.
Alright, alright, shut up and get in the truck.
Joy!
Hello, sir.
Would you like to buy some shiny new rubber nipples?
I made them myself.
Hmm, nipples, huh?
Let me ask the wife.
Honey, are we short on rubber nipples?
Now, dear, don't you go buy new rubber nipples
when you don't use the ones you already have.
Well, maybe I would if they weren't all chewed up.
Come on in, boys. Let's see what you got.
Well, sir, you know, rubber nipples have come a long way
since you were a child.
I bet you thought rubber nipples were just to put in your mouth.
Well, yeah, actually.
Well, nowadays, there's a thousand and one uses
for my handy-dandy rubber nipples.
Observe.
They're perfect for storing your hair-treaming.
Now, there's something the little woman can use.
They're perfect for getting at those hide-to-reach places.
Just amazing.
They make great finger gloves
for when you have to touch filthy and rip off some things.
I have to touch filthy and repulsive things every day.
Don't I, honey?
Watch me now.
Those plugs.
And they make wonderful rain hats.
They protect your eyes from harmful UV rays.
And they make...
Oh, man.
Wait till the guys in the office get a load of this.
Do you want to sleep out in the yard?
You mean for a change?
Yeah, are your knees cold, sir?
Well, yes, they are a little chilly.
No more frosty knees, no siri.
Oh, they are warm.
Honey, how long have we been married?
And we don't have any of these.
All right, boys, here's five bucks.
I'll take the whole mess of them.
Five bucks!
Now get out.
Hi, I'm Brian Leach, the New York Rangers,
and this is True Stories from Famous People.
I always used to get cold feet when I was younger.
I don't know what it was.
My dad tightened my skates a lot when I was younger,
and my feet used to really hurt when I took them off.
Hickey used to do them too tight.
I used to have to hold back the tears all the time
until I started tying them myself.
Nice going, Brian, and the New York Rangers.
1994 Stanley Cup champs.
For more True Stories from Famous People,
keep watching Nickelodeon.
School's out, and Nickelodeon is in, because...
Make up beauty, I'm gonna make you...
Nickdays, brought to you by Spunky's Doggy Treats.
It's Friday!
June 24th.
And it's Nickelodeon's Summer List Day.
Summer's here, and it's time to plan the things you want to do.
Make a list today.
Play ball, go swimming, ride your bike.
List the friends you want to visit,
the places you want to go,
and the things you want to get done.
You've got the whole summer in front of you,
make it a great one.
Tomorrow is Salute Your Hometown Day,
right here where every day is a Nick day.
Steve Eager!
You've just cleaned the yard, cut the grass,
and trimmed the bushes.
Now what are you gonna do?
I'm going to Splish Splash.
Splish Splash.
40 acres of summertime fun,
including the incredible new Shotgun Falls.
Splish Splash.
LIE Exit 72 West, Riverhead.
Nickelodeon.
Another beautiful afternoon.
Well, here we go.
Come on along with me, and I'll show you around.
Hello, Steve.
Oh, hello.
Yo, Steve.
Yo, Steve Stickley.
Hi, how are you?
How's it going, Steve?
Oh, fine, thank you.
This is a great place.
Hey, Steve.
Hi, how are you?
Hi, Steve.
Oh, yeah.
Well, hang on.
Well, this is it.
I'm Stick Stickley, and this is Nick in the Afternoon.
I'm glad you could make it.
This is gonna be great.
This is pitiful.
Hi, guys.
Hey.
Hey, hi.
Ow!
No fair!
I was distracted.
Yeah, right.
I was!
Let's go again.
You and me.
Come on.
Forget it, Pee Wee.
Hey, I can beat you any time, any place.
What's going on?
Tugger's mad because Kiki called him a runt.
I'm sorry, okay?
No, you're not.
You're just scared I'm gonna beat you.
Yeah, that must be it.
I'm, I'm scared.
I'm speaking of scare.
You're up tonight, Sam.
You ready?
Sure.
I've got a story about something incredibly horrifying.
But it's not monsters or demons or any of the usual scary stuff.
It's about something that can strike any one of us at any time.
And it's always when we least expect it.
What is it?
True love.
Kidding.
Come on.
Who says love isn't scary?
It can really hurt sometimes.
Love is what people live for.
And in my story, it's sort of what they die for.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story the tale of the dream girl.
Johnny and Erica were brother and sister,
and they were really close.
Yeah!
Come on, it's quarter after.
I've got a ton of homework and we gotta close out.
Yeah, yeah, I just finished lubing the pin setter.
I gotta make sure it won't crash on me.
Yeah, right.
You're just playing.
They even worked it at the same place.
The Bola Ramo lanes.
Yeah!
Perfect.
As usual.
And modest too.
Hey.
Did I ever tell you you're my favorite sister?
I'm your only sister.
Yeah.
Hurry up.
Erica was a waitress.
Johnny, the repair guy.
Come in or what?
Yeah, yeah, you put this in here?
Nope.
It's the girl's ring.
Oh, it's stuck.
Really?
Now you can go study with yourself.
Oh, yeah, hardy-har-har.
It's in the front.
No, I can't get this thing off.
Johnny!
Sorry.
Don't you try so?
I tried everything except cutting my finger off.
Bedtime. School tomorrow.
Come on, Mom. I've still got it, Erica.
Please, don't argue.
It's late.
Good night, Mom.
Jeez, what's the matter with her?
Oh, she's got a lot out of her mind.
Yeah, I guess so.
So you come in or what?
No, I'm gonna do a little channel surfing.
Get the light, will you?
Good night.
Johnny?
Johnny, where are you?
Oh, man.
Give me a cola, would you, Erica?
Man, I am living a charmed life.
Really? Why?
Just closed out another month
without having to hire another maintenance guy.
We haven't had a breakdown in four months.
The longer I hold off hiring somebody,
the better my books look.
The better I look.
Life is sweet.
Thanks.
Yeah, thanks to me.
What are you doing out here?
Why can't I come out here?
Uh, he'll pitch a fit if you get grease on him.
Well, good.
At least he'll know I'm around.
Who does he think keeps this place running anyway?
Don't worry about it.
Erica, I can't do it all myself.
I swear, if he doesn't...
What?
You promise not to laugh if I tell you something?
No.
I've been having these really weird dreams lately
about this beautiful girl
with long hair and amazing eyes.
Yeah, so? You and every other guy?
Yeah, but it's so real.
You know, I've never seen her before.
And I can't stop thinking about her.
And she looks a lot like that girl over there.
Cheryl Lighthart?
I know. I know it sounds stupid.
Maybe this dream is some kind of sign.
This could be fate.
Johnny, wait!
It's okay, Elaine. I'll handle it.
And how may I help you, ladies?
I set a size six, not a size nine.
What, your eyes upside down or something?
Hi, Cheryl.
Uh, you don't know me.
And I don't know how to say this, but...
You guys hear someone talking to me?
I don't see anyone. Must be your imagination.
Come on, let's go.
Yeah.
Must be great to be so perfect.
Where's my stuff?
Who?
It's me. It's Donna.
Don't... don't move.
Bills. What a surprise.
More bills.
Hey, Mom.
Mom.
You got this.
Erica?
Erica!
This is a red. Violets are blue.
You know I'll never stop thinking of you.
Of Donna Mainland.
Where'd you get this?
It's the girl.
Let's go for my dreams.
Meet me tonight, midnight.
I'll be at the bowl around the snack bar.
That's after closing.
You gonna go?
I don't know.
I mean, I guess I should, but...
Man, I have a really weird...
I can't see her, Erica. She's so beautiful.
There's just something about her.
I gotta find out who she is.
About time you showed up.
What are you doing here?
This place is supposed to be closed.
Closed?
Ha. Never.
Let's just say we're the, uh, night shift.
Apple pie a la mode with a two cola chaser.
That's my favorite. How'd you know that?
We know.
What's your hurry?
Johnny?
I, uh...
I hope I'm not late.
I thought you weren't gonna show.
I'd never stand you up.
Well, I can't.
You're wearing my ring.
This is yours?
Well, how did you?
Let's dance.
Who are you?
How do you know me?
You must know.
You're wearing my ring.
Yeah, this is what I found.
It's almost time to go.
I want you to come with me.
Where have you just got here?
But it's almost time.
Better hurry.
Oh, it's too late.
Too late?
I'll wait for you, Johnny.
The dark, stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
A formula made especially for older babies.
It has all the protein, iron, and calcium you need.
And it costs up to 20% less than the leading formulas every day.
Which is like getting every fifth can of formula free.
How's that for a valuable lesson?
Start saving for the money-saving coupons
and an informative brochure free.
Plus a special offer on a dub cup.
At 100% nutrition and 20% savings,
your patient follow-up formula is the right formula at the right time.
And the right price.
Oh, man, you're not gonna believe this.
She was there.
Donna met me, but...
Wait.
Before you say anything else,
is this the girl you've been seeing?
Yeah.
Yeah, Donna. Donna Mainland.
What's she doing here?
She's dead, Johnny.
She died in a car accident.
She was driving with her boyfriend
and their car stalled on these railroad tracks
just out by Waterloo Road.
They both got out,
but Donna forgot her ring,
this school ring that her boyfriend had just given her.
So she went back to get it,
and the train came.
The ring?
She said I had a ring.
She was there, Erica.
I swear it.
I mean, I talked to her.
She's a ghost.
And she said that she wanted me to go with her.
And it's all because of this.
Don't run from me, Johnny.
I want you to come with me.
Look, take your stupid ring back.
I don't want it.
Don't you understand?
It's you that I want.
You must know that by now.
Just, just, just leave me alone.
It's time, Johnny.
No!
Johnny? Johnny?
Are you okay?
Did you see her?
Oh, sit down and relax, please.
Yeah, okay.
When the ghost comes after you,
let's see if you can relax.
Johnny, are you sure it's the ring
that's making all this happen?
What do you mean?
Oh, man.
Hello?
It's for you.
Me?
Look, this is all some kind of joke
and I'm not buying it anymore.
Understand?
This isn't funny, so just leave me alone.
I'm sorry, Johnny.
I won't bother you anymore.
You still think this is all a joke?
You know, maybe all she wants is a ring back.
Maybe I should give it to her.
Well, how are you gonna do that?
You told her to leave you alone.
Well, then, then I gotta find her.
Oh, she's really your ghost.
I can think of a pretty good place to start.
Hey, you okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
I'm just a little jumpy, that's all.
You find anything?
Uh, no, you...
No, look at this.
Donna Maitland.
This is it. This is so grave.
You sure?
Well, yeah, look at it.
How many other Donna Maitlands could there be?
Well, yeah, I guess,
but how did you know it would be right here?
I didn't.
I just kind of...
happened to wander away from me, get lost and trip right over it.
What are you talking about?
You knew exactly where she was buried, Johnny.
Why do you think that is?
Look, I don't know what you mean.
Maybe you've been here before.
Did you ever think about that?
No way. Why would I have been here?
I'm in a cemetery.
Why don't you tell me, Johnny?
You remember what happened.
The car stalled on the tracks, right?
And then Donna got out and she forgot her ring.
Her school ring and went running back for it.
And then what happened, Johnny?
I turned back.
I tried to push her out of the way, but it was too late.
Donna Maitland and John, it's me, isn't it?
And that means I...
Why don't you just tell me?
Because you didn't remember.
You just came back from the accident
and acted as if nothing had happened.
Johnny, I was the only one who could see you.
And for some really weird reason,
you didn't remember the accident.
You didn't even know you were...
Did? No wonder I'm so bummed all the time.
So what do I do?
Well, now that you know, everything's gonna be okay.
We can still be a family and go on living,
and everything will be fine.
Johnny, is that you?
Back to me?
I don't think I can stay.
You and Donna belong together.
It's time, Johnny, after her.
You don't want to lose her again?
I'm really gonna miss you, Eric.
You know, you're my favorite sister.
I'm your only sister.
Love you too.
Always going to miss Johnny.
But it made her feel better to know that he was happy at last.
With the girl of his dreams.
The end.
Good one, Sam.
Cool.
You're a ghost and you don't know it.
Yeah.
Like you're a runt and you don't even know it.
I'll show you who's a runt.
Hey, declare this meeting of the Midnight Society Post.
Make a dumb thing, okay?
Don't act just like a day without pork rinds.
Go ask your mother.
It's a lovely color flower.
How can you tell in black and white?
Come stay at school.
Hey, why don't you hear your TV mom's duty
and give me some cookies?
All right, well, I've got your favorite.
Oreo.
I'm making a double stuff.
You said I'm nice.
I'll just run away, unless it's a yell at me.
Lordhouse is on witches and the midgets who love them.
On the next lago.
Hey, mom, is that you?
No.
I'm Glendale, the good witch of the immediate North East.
Yes, you'll do.
What to do?
Place and be a big fool.
I can do anything.
House and snick.
Buddy, turn over here.
Call for help.
How did you can yell?
Yeah.
So give me a purse.
Don't talk to any kids.
This is your law.
Talk today.
More specifically, the man who stole your watch.
Come ask you for the time, but I'm over.
I haven't got all day.
Excuse me, miss.
May I wash your windshield?
What?
I believe I've just come to the dork in the road.
A house, huh?
No.
Do you think you can give me a brain?
Maybe.
Do you have any money?
I've been robbed.
Who hasn't?
Let's see.
I got two quarters.
That's 75.
50.
Never pretending to be a dog.
And I'm begging.
I'm going to be smelling clean and fresh.
And frankly, who has sympathy for that?
So, uh, combines raw sewage and vial bodily waste to keep you smelling your worst.
And y'all make people say, hey, we stink.
Give us a quarter.
Well, I don't have any money.
Who are you?
Yeah.
What's your name, miss?
Dude.
I'm a dude.
Kim Kahn man.
Say, we could make some money recycling if I only had a cart.
So, uh, we're looking for something too.
Uh, we're going to see a man who can help us.
That's for him.
We should all stick together.
This place is full of liars and beggars and sheep.
Boyfriends.
No facially challenge.
Or it's to tell the truth.
Well, maybe Mr. Spelling can give you some courage.
Aaron Spelling?
He's my father.
Don't hit me.
I bet my father's sick with worry.
Your face looks so familiar.
It's going to tip of my brain.
Oh, she sure is an ugly kid.
I hate to see the bulb on its bonnet freak.
I think about Dorsey.
Who?
Dorsey, our daughter.
She's been missing for the entire second act.
Oh, her?
Oh, she'll turn up in the third act.
Well, how can you be so sure?
She's got to sing a song.
Oh.
Who is this hog?
Come on, wake up.
We have to do a dance bumper to end act two.
No matter where you go, adults are always telling you what to do.
See you're later work in the Mr. Furley era.
Not really.
It's a small cast.
Now what can I do to you, Paul?
There she comes right now.
You have to get rid of that old witch.
Wait, ding dong.
I want a rental drug to find my good side.
Dorsey, Dorsey, since you've been gone, I haven't gone.
Here with Mr. Dad and his dad.
Who starts for his missing daughter,
has left him spiritually empty and intentionally full.
I guess this whole experience has made me anti-BM.
I had enough of that type.
And go soak your head in the sand, old fool, will you?
Listen, I just wanted to come on and plead
for my little girls to come home because we miss her.
I'm starting to wish they never left home in the first place.
I mean, life just isn't the same without her.
I mean, who do I punish when the chores aren't done?
Who do I clown when the bad report card comes in?
Who do I blame when I mince the monster?
Well, coming back so clearly.
I mean, we gave her rules because we love her.
If we didn't, we wouldn't give a raw false what she did.
You're right.
I never thought about it like that.
Sorry, I gotta go.
I can't do now.
The Wizard of Oz.
Everything I took turns to go.
Rules, but now I want to go home.
Stage lift.
The fire three weeks ago.
It's a wrong movie.
I bought you something.
From your dream?
My daughter ran away from home,
knocked off San Andorri,
met the Wizard of Oz,
and all I got was this lousy teaser.
I should read it back.
Oh!
For free, the theme song and roll of credits.
We'll put some bing into your Friday with Nick's newest show, BING.
The sound of something new.
If it's new and kids are into it,
bings onto it and back to you.
Tomorrow at 7.30, 6.30 Central, only on Nick.
Okay.
This is Clarissa.
After a few delightful commercials, I jake over her.
That's right.
Clarissa explains it all.
It's coming up next.
I know I'm excited.